 :Night had fallen across the land...
 :The only light you had to guide you was the silvery glow of the moon overhead, but even that was unreliable.
 :With the warmth of the sun gone doubt was beginning to creep over you.
Elaine:(Maybe this was a bad idea after all...)
 :A sigh rises in your chest as you look around at your darkened surroundings. 
 :You had already come this far.
 :Turning back now wouldn't do anything but prove that you couldn't do this. 
 :You could make your own way. You knew it! 
 :Someone just needed to give you a chance. THIS was your chance.
 :The only sign that you were going the right way was a worn gravel path with two stone markers. 
 :You could hear creatures moving around in the dense trees around you as you plunged into the forest. 
 :The thick foliage blocked out most of the moonlight, leaving you to slowly pick your way through the gloom.
 :Branches hang low over the path, occasionally snagging on your hair and clothes.
 :Unease started to settle around you when you realized just how quiet it was now.
 :The sounds of the nocturnal creatures prowling the undergrowth seemed to be nothing more than a distant memory.
Elaine:(How much further is it?)
 :You were convinced that you would still be able to see the main road if you dared a glance over your shoulder.
 :How long had you been fumbling around in the darkness? Time had distorted itself and stretched. 
 :What could have been nothing more than a few minutes felt like hours.
 :After your tug your dress free from the clutches of a fallen branch you catch a faint light shining in between the trees.
 :Was it from the main house?
 :You peer around through the trees. You were almost certain you weren't even on the path anymore, not with all the climbing over and moving around of the flora you had to do. 
 :You were already wandering around in the dark, at least if you headed towards the light, you had an idea of your final destination. 
 :Dead leaves crunch under your feet as you make your way towards the light bobbing and weaving through the trees.
 :Was someone really out here this late?
 :It was hard for you to imagine what someone could be doing out in the woods, but if it meant you could have a guide to show the way you weren't going to complain. 
 :No matter how close you got to the flickering light, it never seemed to get any closer. 
 :Apprehension pricks at the palms of your hands. You were starting to become acutely aware of just how alone you were out here. 
 :The sun had to rise eventually. You couldn't possibly wander lost in these woods forever but it was starting to feel that way.
 :Everytime you thought you were close to catching the person behind all of this, the light danced away.
 :The trees start to thin out and the ground goes soft beneath your feet.
 :You hike up the hem of your dress so it doesn't get covered in mud and stop for a moment. Silence.
 :You slowly turn and stare back through the trees, wondering which way you had actually come from.
 :The light still danced in what you thought was in front of you, bobbing and weaving through the nearby trees.
Elaine:(Why can't I hear someone else walking?)
 :You had heard tales of people getting lost in the woods chasing shadow figures or lights but you would've have taken them with a grain of salt until this moment. 
 :What were you supposed to do now?
Willow:...Oh. It stopped.
 :You turn towards the direction the lights had been leading you.
 :Was that a person? Was there actually someone out here?
 :A glimmer of hope surges through you. You hike up the bottom of your dress again and trudge through the marshy ground.
 :The lights continue to flicker before you, before stopping completely, and you find yourself in a clearing with two others. 
 :You could have sworn the lights you had been following were coming from the boy on the left.
Elaine:Uh, good evening.
 :You dip your head politely. The unusual pair exchange knowing glances but don't return the greeting. 
 :You hadn't intended on interrupting whatever they were doing, but they were the only people you had seen for miles and you would rather not spend the rest of you night wandering through the woods.
Elaine:Would you be able to point me in the direction of Ebner manor? I've managed to get myself turned around in the dark.
Mot:Never heard of it.
 :The other boy looks away, refusing to meet your gaze, the flecks of light pulsate around him. 
 :Had you managed to get that far off course? What if you hadn’t even turned down the right road! 
 :You had never been this far west before. None of the things that could serve as landmarks looked familiar to you. :The signposts name far off places you had only heard of by name and stories of those around you. 
Elaine:Maybe it’s called something else around here, there was a posting in the town square, I’m almost certain it’s around here somewhere.
 :The sickly looking boy shrugs. The one with the wisps continues to ignore you.
 :There was something off about both of them. It was hard to put a finger on it.
 :Fatigue was starting to cloud your judgement. 
Mot:Maybe you shouldn’t have gotten lost then.
Elaine:I beg your pardon?
Mot:Maybe you shouldn’t have gotten lost and you wouldn’t be asking us for help. How am I supposed to know what you looking for? There’s nothing around for miles.
 :You remain there in stunned silence for a moment.
 :You didn’t know if you had done something to offend him or if he was just this unpleasant in general.
 :The doubt within you threatened to unfurl itself once again.
 :You did have to admit, you might have been better off stopping hours ago and continuing on in the morning, but you didn’t want to stop the momentum you had gained. 
 :It had felt like if you stopped you’d be compelled to turn back. To flee into what was familiar.
 :In hindsight, you shouldn’t have been out here. He was right on that front, but you weren’t asking a lot of him. 
 :Having him escort you like you originally anticipated was far from reality, but at the very least a general direction would have meant the world to you.
 :Instead you were standing in the clearing with both of them, unsure of what to do.
 :You couldn’t stay here, but you didn’t want to go back out into the forest. 
 :The trees rustle behind you and another man emerges from the darkness. His gold eyes almost seemed to glow in the low light. 
Lupin:What are you two doing?
 :The boy with the wisps shrugs. 
Mot:Nothing.
Lupin:It doesn’t sound like nothing. I’m trying to get an extra pair of hands around here and here you two are luring the help off into the woods.
Lupin:We’re doing you both a favor you’d do well to remember that.
 :The resulting silence seemed to echo around the clearing.
 :The boy with the wisps walks off. The one who had been giving you a hard time glares at the man who had come to your aid.
 :He turns to you and jerks his head back from the direction he had come from.
Lupin: I’ll show you the way.
 :You nod and dip your head politely. 
Elaine:Thank you.
Lupin:You should be more careful, it’s easy to get turned around out here if you don’t know where you’re going.
Elaine:I’ll be more careful in the future. I’m sure you can’t always show up to aid me.
Elaine:I’m Elaine by the way, it’s a pleasure to meet you.
 :The man glances at you over his shoulder and lifts a tree branch for you to duck under.
Lupin:I’m Lupin.
 :~***~
 :It was hard for you to associate the overgrown mess of a path and front yard with the pristine interior of the house.
 :The oil lamps cast a warm glow on the walls, but shadows flickered and seemed to lurk in every corner.
 :Lupin was taking your cloak when a pale man appeared out of nowhere. 
Valdis:I figured you weren’t going to come back.
 :Lupins ears flatten slightly as he rolls his eyes.
Lupin:You aren’t getting rid of me that easily.
 :He gestures to you.
Lupin:This is Elaine. She’s the new maid. Elaine, this is Valdis.
 :You dip your head. 
Elaine:I look forward to working for you, I hope everything is done to your liking.
Valdis:Would it really matter if it wasn’t?
 :You look to Lupin, but he doesn’t catch your eye.
 :Was he expecting you to do a poor job? Had there been others who walked in your shoes before this?
Valdis:Well there’s no work for you right now. I’m sure Lupin can dig something up if you’re really that desperate to start.
 :Valdis disappears as quickly as he had appeared. 
 :Lupin seems unphased by this and leads you to the back of the house, through the kitchen and into the servants' quarters.
 :He opens the first door on the right and takes a moment to light the lamp. 
Lupin:You saw the kitchen, if your hungry. If not I’ll come find you in the morning. 
Elaine:Thank you, good night.
 :Lupin sees himself out without another word. 
 :You take a moment to turn down the covers before turning off the lamp and crawling into bed. 
Elaine:(Here’s to a new beginning.) 
 :~***~
 :While your legs were still a little sore from all the walking you had done yesterday, for the most part you awoke feeling refreshed.
 :Soft light drifted into the room. With the curtains drawn it felt later than it actually was. 
 :You sit up and glance around the modest room for a moment.
 :With nothing but the essentials, it left a lot of room for you to truly make it your own.
 :Even if you had only left home with only essentials, after hanging your clothes in the wardrobe you felt like you were taking strides in the right direction. 
 :Lupin had said he was going to fetch you if you didn’t wake up on time, but you didn’t want things to have to come to that.
 :First impressions were crucial and even if yours hadn’t been the greatest, you wanted to prove you were capable. Even if it was only small things at first.
 :After taking a moment to tidy yourself, you head down the hall to the kitchen.
 :The last thing you expected to find was Lupin preparing morning tea.
Elaine:Good morning, can I help you with anything?
 :One of his ears twitches but he doesn’t look away from the stove.
Lupin:No.
 :He points to a covered bowl on the counter. 
Lupin:You should eat something.
 :You take the bowl off the counter and fish a spoon out of the drawer after Lupin told you where to look.
 :The kettle whistled a little after you sat down at the worn table in the corner of the room.
 :A floral scent drifted through the air as you ate your oatmeal.
 :You never would have taken him to be handy in the kitchen, but that just went to show how you shouldn’t assume things. 
 :What other hidden talents did he have?
 :You watched him neatly organize cups, plates, and silverware on a tray. 
Lupin:When you're finished we’ll take this to Vald.
 :After breakfast Lupin takes the tray and leads the way back through the house. 
 :Even in the day, shadows seemed to cling to the walls.
 :There was something off about the gloomy paintings on the walls. Something about all the droopy eyes made you feel like you were being watched.
 :The vases of flowers scattered around couldn’t seem to combat the atmosphere of the house. It was too quiet.
 :Valdis was sitting in one of the armchairs flipping through a worn book when you entered with Lupin. He glances up and offers a wry smile in greeting. 
Valdis:I trust you slept well?
Elaine:Yes, quite well in fact, thank you.
Valdis:If you need anything, tell Lupin, I’m sure he can get you squared away. I find that people work best when they’re comfortable of course.
 :Valdis sets the book on the table beside him before taking one of the cookies off the plate and standing.
Valdis:It’s a shame to see this go cold but I shall have to come back for it.
Valdis:Shall I begin the tour then?
 :Lupin seemed skeptical, but didn’t say anything against him. 
Lupin:If that’s what you want. You know where to find me if you need anything.
 :You follow Valdis out into the hall where he starts the tour off at the entryway.
 :While he didn’t seem to have anything profound to say about much of anything, you appreciated the effort that he was putting in to make you feel welcome. It would have been easier for him to delegate this to someone else. 
 :Come to think of it, you hadn’t seen anyone else here. A staff this size for a house this big seemed unusual.
 :Although it did explain the state of disarray that the outside had fallen into. Lupin really must have his hands full with everything. 
 :Valdis stopped at the end of one hall to frown at an old painting of himself. He looked younger, but his eyes still had that mournful quality that they possessed currently. 
 :Valdis didn’t seem pleased that it was hanging outside of his room, but considering it was still hanging there, and had been for some time, you thought that he couldn’t have truly been that bothered by it. There were plenty of other places for it. Or he could simply put it in storage. 
 :The only other rooms he points out upstairs were Lupin's, and another belonging to someone named Viveka. 
Valdis:Thankfully she’s sleeping right now, so you shall have to see her out in your free time, which there will probably be an ample amount of.
Valdis:This whole thing was my idea, but I know that Lupin won’t take the help. He’s much too stubborn. It’ll be the death of him one day...
 :Valdis trails off, his face darkening for a moment.
Elaine: I’m sure he’ll learn to accept help. There’s nothing wrong with needing someone else to depend on after all.
 :Valdis stares blankly at you for a long moment. Eventually he nods thoughtfully, and presses onward. 
 :While all the darkened hallways may have looked the same, you doubted you would actually get lost here. 
 :You caught glimpses of an overgrown greenhouse through several windows, but Valdis never took you to it, nor did he mention it.
 :It was a shame that it had fallen into disrepair. You weren’t much of a gardener yourself, but it felt like a waste seeing what remained of a surely once great garden. 
 :The flagstones on the terrace you passed by were cracked. The white paint was peeling off the wrought iron chairs and table.
 :It was hard to imagine Valdis sitting out there anytime of day with his skin as pale as it was.
 :At least the hedges around it were trimmed. You assumed that to be Lupin’s handywork. Although he hadn’t performed a similar miracle on all the flowerbeds and the ivy that had taken over some portions of the house.
 :When you returned to the entryway there was a bedraggled woman standing at the base of the stairs. She seemed to have been listening intently to something with her head cocked to the side.
 :When she saw you standing beside Valdis she smiled warmly. 
 Viveka:I thought I heard someone new here. It’s about time Valdis started making friends other than me.
 :A cheeky smirk works it way across her face as she pinches one of Valdis’ cheeks. Valdis bats her hand away with a sigh.
Elaine:I’m Elaine, it’s nice to meet you.
Viveka:Likewise, I’m Viveka. It’s nice seeing a fresh face around here. It appears Valdis’ doom and gloom has rubbed off on everyone else as well.
 :Viveka jabs Valdis again. He takes a step back and folds his arms over his chest. 
Valdis:What I do is my business, leave me be. I don’t go around telling you what to do, but you seemed to be compelled to do that with me.
Viveka:That’s because you can’t take care of yourself. Just because your dog lets you mope around the house all day doesn’t mean I’m going to.
 :She slipped into a babying tone.
 :Valdis didn’t seem happy that she referred to Lupin as his dog (although you weren't either).
 :Even if it did feel like she was teasing him a little too much, you could tell that her heart was in the right place. Sometimes people got too stuck in their ways and needed a nudge in order to branch out.
 :Through their squabbling, you failed to notice a young woman approach from behind. She was carrying a small, glass jar with her filled with some sort of white gel.
Ianth:I hate to break up this little lover’s spat but use this. You won’t burn as easily when you go out. 
 :Valdis takes the jar from her.
 :There was a calm air around her and she spoke on the softer side. It was like the world around her would bend to her every whim to suit her. 
Valdis:Thank you.
 :She shrugs off the compliment and leave as quietly as she came.
 :Even after she was gone, her presence lingered in the air.
 :For the time being, Viveka shifted her attention to you.
Viveka:Well now that all that boring stuff is out of the way, let’s go have some fun. You have your whole life to wash dishes and do housework.
Elaine:Are you sure that’s alright?
 :You look to Valdis, but he seemed to have lost all interest in the subject at hand and was leaving you to head back to the sitting room. 
Valdis:Do what you want. It’s not like she’ll take no for an answer anway. 
 :Viveka claps her hands together in delight. 
Viveka:Then it’s settled, you’re coming shopping with me after I get dressed. And maybe if you’re good, I’ll buy you something nice. 
 :She winks, then bounds up the stairs before you could say anything.
